Overview:
    Logs:
        Anytime a cluster performs an action, or has an action performed on it, the log file will be changed to reflect that.
        Log file cannot be encrypted.
    Password File:
        Each cluster has a password file that is encrypted automatically with the highest crypter.
        If anyone gets the unencrypted password, they can use it to get access into servers.
        Password file cannot be deleted.
        Password file cannot be manually encrypted.
    Banking:
        The BIT$ bank will not be hackable.
        Any bank accounts will not be hackable.
        A player cannot change the bank account password.
        A player can create a new bank account.
    Database File:
        The Database File contains the banking informations, malware removal codes, and decryptions code of the owner, and those that the owner imported from other databases.
        The Database File is automatically encrypted with the highest crypter.
        For all encryptions performed by the player, the decryption code will be in the database file.
        If anyone gets the unencrypted database, they can import it into their own.
        Database file cannot be deleted.
        Database file cannot be manually encrypted.
    Malware Installation:
        When a player installs a malware, they will recieve a removal code that can be used to remove the malware.
    Malware Removal:
        A player can use a removal code to remove a malware of any level.
        A player can use an anti-malware to remove a malware of level less than anti-malware.
        A player can use an anti-malware with a removal code to quickly remove the malware of any level.
    Encyption:
        A player can encrypt a file, rendering it unusable, and recieving a decryption code using a crypter to be stored into the database.
    Decryption:
        A player can use a decryption code to invert the encryption, using a decryption code.
        A decryption code can be cracked by a cracker.
    Process tasking:
        Each action will take time to prepare, and when done, the next action in queue will begin to prepare.
        When an action, or process, is prepared, the player can choose to activate it.
        Each cluster will have its own queue.
    Internet:
        Used to upload, download, scan, and crack.
        Contributes to spam, proxy, and DDoS efficiency.
    CPU:
        Used to edit logs, delete, crack, exploit, encrypt, run, stop, remove malware.
        Contributes to miner efficiency.
    Memory:
        Required to keep programs running.
        If there is not enough memory, the programs requiring the most memory will be stopped automatically, until there is enough memory.
    DDoS:
        A DDoS attack will last some time.
        A cluster that is being attacked by a DDoS will have all of its processes halted for the duration of the attack.
        A cluster that is being attacked by a DDoS will have their internet capacity reduced for the duration of the attack.
        A cluster that is being attacked by a DDoS will have their memory capacity reduced for the duration of the attack.
        A cluster that is being attacked by a DDoS will not be able to reset IP for the duration of the attack.
        A DDoS slave server that is used to launch a DDoS attack will not be able to be used for a DDoS for the duration of the attack, plus additional time.
    Messaging:
        A player can send anonymous messages to a the owner of a cluster with the IP address.
        A player can send messages to a player with the username of that player.
    Clan:
        
    Research:
        Clan members will automatically contribute a fraction of their cluster capacity to the research.
        Clan members will not lose any internet, CPU, or memory capacity from their contributions.
        Research speed is directly proportion to amount of contribution.